MOB-MOB-11989: Prepare for Release 6.5.14 (#943)
Iterable/iterable-swift-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).
## [Unreleased]

## [6.5.14]

> - Fixed issues with the timing of In-App message display

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `IterableInAppDisplayDelegate` protocol for dynamic control over in-app message display timing```
